Add semantic conventions for k8sevents (#2299)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/semantic_conventions/k8s.md

# Kubernetes

**Status**: [Experimental](../../document-status.md)

## Event

The Event is created when other Kubernetes resources have state changes,
errors, or other messages that should be broadcast to the system.

**type:** `k8s.event`

**Description:** A Kubernetes Event object.

<!-- semconv k8s.event -->
| Attribute  | Type | Description  | Examples  | Required |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| `k8s.event.uid` | string | The UID of the Event. | `275ecb36-5aa8-4c2a-9c47-d8bb681b9aff` | No |
| `k8s.event.name` | string | The name of the Event. | `opentelemetry-depl-5c8bf76b5b-tn9h5.16a678548ba4963c` | No |

> | `k8s.event.start_time` | string | The start time of the Event. | `2021-09-20T07:50:19Z` | No |

Reviewer: Why is this field necessary? Log records have a native [Timestamp](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/logs/data-model.md#field-timestamp) field. Why are we not storing this time in the Timestamp?

Reviewer: Please clarify in the description which timestamp is recorded in `k8s.event.start_time` (a link to Kubernetes docs will be useful). Also, to avoid confusion explain what is expected to be recorded in the `Timestamp` field of the log record to make it clear that it is intentional to record 2 different timestamps.

Author: I have updated the description, Please review the same.

> | `k8s.event.start_time` | string | The start time of the [Event](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/rest_api/objects/index.html#objectmeta-meta-v1)  as the native [Timestamp](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/logs/data-model.md#field-timestamp) can be used for the Timestamp of the [related object](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/rest_api/metadata_apis/event-core-v1.html) of the Event. | `2021-09-20T07:50:19Z` | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `k8s.event.start_time` | string | The start time of the [Event](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/rest_api/objects/index.html#objectmeta-meta-v1). In addition, the Log Record's [Timestamp field](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/logs/data-model.md#field-timestamp) should be used to record the timestamp of the [related object](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/rest_api/metadata_apis/event-core-v1.html) of the Event. | `2021-09-20T07:50:19Z` | No |
```
